Marketplace
===========

###A networked marketplace using RMI (Java RMI or Java IDL)

Develop a client-server distributed application in Java for trading things (items) on a networked marketplace. Clients (traders) and a server (marketplace) communicate using Remote Method Invocations (implemented with Java RMI or Java IDL). A server represents the marketplace and provides a remote interface that allows clients to (un)register at the marketplace, to sell (i.e. to place items for sale) and to buy items, and to inspect what items are available on the marketplace. An item is identified by its name and price, e.g. "camera" for 3000 SEK. If a client buys an item, the seller should be notified by a call-back via the client's remote interface. The server also allows a client to place a "wish" to purchase a item for a specified price. When a matching item becomes available at the marketplace for the price not higher than the specified wished price, the interested client should be notified by a call-back via the client's remote interface. 

Each client and the server have an access to the RMI bank server considered on Exercise 2 (Bank RMI or bankIDL), and Lab 2 (see also the Bank example sources in Examples). Clients are identified by names. The client can open an account in the bank to be used when the client sells or buys things on the marketplace. The server deposits an amount to the client's account when the client's thing has been sold. The server withdraws an amount from the client's account when the client purchases an item. The purchase can be rejected if the client does not have sufficient balance to pay the price.
